Where did you grow up?
What was it like growing up?
What are your siblings like?
What about your parents?
Who do you admire the most right now?
What was your favourite subject in college?
How’d you meet your best friend?
If you had a free plane ticket, where would you like to go?
Aside from the job you have now, what sort of work would you like to do?
What’s the best part of your daily routine?
What random topic do you enjoy discussing?
If you could compete in any sport or competition, what would it be?
If you had an infinite amount of resources, how would you use it to change the world?
Describe your perfect man cave/she shed. The recently coined term for the female counterpart to the man cave.
Why do you think a lot of people are finding it hard to find relationships?
Who is your favourite superhero?
How was your life in school while you were growing up?
How was your relationship with your grandparents?
Would you have changed anything?
Describe the best day of your life—one that has already happened.?
What would you like to change about your friends?
How do you express yourself romantically?
What’s the most important thing in your life right now?
What was your most embarrassing moment?
What’s your biggest fear?
What’s your pet peeve?
What’s the first thing you bought with your first paycheck?
What’s the most offensive thing anybody has ever said to you?
Which one of your parents do you like most?
How did you end up working in your job right now?
What little thing makes you extremely happy?
What do you love about this city?
Where is your most favourite place here?
Who do you first look for when you encounter a problem?
If someone gave you a blank check funded, of course, how much would you write it for, and what would you spend it on first?
What’s a song that moved you to feel something?
What movie made you cry?
What movie made you laugh so hard you cried?
Where would you like to live for the rest of your life?
How often do you find yourself thinking about your life?
What would you like to change in your life right now?
What advanced college degree would you have liked to study?
What do you think is the best profession in the world?
What’s the best toy you ever got as a kid?
What was the worst lie you got caught in?
How would you comfort someone who was depressed or in pain?
How expressive are you?
What do you do when you’re sad or in pain?
How would you like to be comforted or helped?
How do you start your day?
Do you think you could own a plant and not let it die?
What do you think about dogs?